Added support for Config Context with Dynamic Groups (#3182)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

---

## CONFIG_CONTEXT_DYNAMIC_GROUPS_ENALBED

Default: `False`

Environment Variable: `NAUTOBOT_CONFIG_CONTEXT_DYNAMIC_GROUPS_ENABLED`

> If `True`, it will be possible to apply Config Context objects to devices and vms via Dynamic Group membership. When set to `False` this behavior will not be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `True`, it will be possible to apply Config Context objects to Devices and Virtual Machines via Dynamic Group membership. When set to `False` this behavior will not be available.
```

!!! warning

>     With a large number of dynamic groups this could invoke a performance pentalty when processing Config Contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With a large number of dynamic groups, enabling this could invoke a performance penalty when processing Config Contexts.
```
